welcome to many printers uh-huh sure
this is episode 12 the note so let's get
started
hi you guys what do you want to do to
you I don't know the you just hang out
the park and laugh yeah that's all we
really do wash you out well you guys I
have to tell you guys something
well spit yeah yeah what is it well you
know I mean Moga you know we're stuck
boyfriend and girlfriend right um yeah
wait don't tell me you're breaking up
with her is it true no it's not true
dang it well I was wondering if this
love note is good enough you ready mogul
love know why just take her on a date
cuz I can have time' have to do stuff
what kind of stuff that's none of your
business you know um where are they well
I mean Gianni Mozart or at their new
chinos house perfect so okay I guess
I'll just take this to mean chinos house
hi guys oh yeah shop yeah see you later
okay so let me go to my chinos let me
knock on the door okay did you hear
something I think somebody knocked on
the door I'll go checked hello anybody
here oh it's a note hmm
Eve all that there's a note for you
a note well let me see what does it say
let me see you says dear Emolga
I just wanna let you know too I just
wanted to say that thank you so much for
all you have done to me you are very
funny cool and always make me so I hope
you love this from your
- admirer who's that oh c'mon you know
it's honestly a schwa no but it can't be
him you have to say from otter not from
your own ominous admirer maybe you're
right besides I sure can't even spell
that good maybe he's hit he's taking
riding lessons enough about this here
you still be here I'm gonna go to the
park I'm just gonna ask all the boys
until I don't find the right one okay I
guess I'll just stay here with the note
okay now let me go to the park hey you
guys oh hello there hi hello um Pikachu
can't talk to you for a second sure
where am i me cheese sauce come on let's
go wait put me down
Oh huh what do you want with me you know
why do I want with you okay I'll give
you all my money
I don't want your stinking money we know
you are the rep we you wrote the note
what note you know which note no I don't
you need it it's exist know what no I
don't write like that
what then who did it I don't know but it
wasn't me
wait wait let me go for me oh my gosh
did you say something about mushrocks
no no nothing that's nothing well okay
Ricky you can go back to the park now
okay thank you huh so what do they want
yeah what did they want oh nothing they
just want to ask me a question um Austra
I think they know that you wrote the
note what how do they know I mean come
on you can you spell that good puppy
crap Pikachu
huh so I don't know what they're doing
now okay so it wasn't Pikachu of course
it isn't
he thought it to you well I don't know
who it could be
oh my god they're not be Snivy relax
he's not interested in you he's already
dating me well whatever it is be this
more job I'm gonna kill him Schneider
can I talk to you for a minute
uh why cuz I need to okay
you're pairing up not bow me you little
brat I'm not gonna do that just come
with me
Hey put me down oh all right what's
going on here
you better not be cheating on me Snivy
what do you mean in Chino you're out
there's no you wrote this no I didn't
write that note
i'ma write like that okay tell the truth
Snivy I did not write that note okay man
Chino I would never cheat on you
never huh okay I guess what do you think
I'm older is he guilty no but I think
you would write this note but I'm on to
you okay sheesh I guess I'll just go
back peace out homies huh they asked me
a question - I know right do you think
they're gonna ask me a question yeah I
think so come on they're mean cheering
mobile-only know us three guys that I
don't think we know anybody else that is
true all right there's only one person
left
okay um let's go get a schwa all right
I'll go get them off you why
oh my gosh please don't kill me I'm not
gonna kill you just come with
hey put me down alright what do you guys
want did you write this love note yeah
did you uh shop
yes why'd you do that cuz were dating
and I like you
well this is a very touching moment I
guess I'll just leave you two alone yeah
I write for you really yeah alright said
I like you and I wanna do this for you
ah thanks you're welcome now can I go
back to the guys yeah sure
make sure you come in now alright okay
so goodbye dad did do they know
yep they know that I read the note okay
I'm glad that's over now I'm just gonna
go take a nap I'm not slimy
goodbye okay well that's all we have for
this episode please subscribe rate and
comment and don't forget to request an
episode on a shore house Epona news why